Rent Manager
Rent Manager will have 3 user types
Property Owner Account.
Tenant Account.
Admin.

Property Owner will be able to do the following.
View Property Portfolio.
View property occupiers details
View due rents.
View rents paid and how much he has with the firm.
Request money remittance into his pre registered account, change of pre registered account will required documentation and verification before approval.

Tenants will be able to do the following.
Create Account/Login.
Create rent details if not managed by the firm.
View Rent details.
Get email alerts of due rent, 3 months, 1 month to due etc.
Pay full rent or make deposits of rents (Like Esusu savings) till rent is complete pre due date.
Pay with ATM card or bank transfer using system generated ref number.

Admin will be able to do the following.
View usage reports.
Create user accounts.
View users.
Record payment remittances and verify payments received via bank transfers.
View  records of all transactions made on the rent manager.

Building Construction 

 This will have 3 user types, 
General Users.
Registered Users
Admin

General Users will be able to do the following;
View the portfolio of various designs.
Get quick cost of building using an algorithm by filling details like type of soil, design, room designs, location, square foot etc.

Registered Users will be able to do the following.
Use Advanced feature pricing.
Submit drawings or request drawings.
Choose building structure desired.
Pick other desired features for the building.
View project duration
View project milestones and payment plan.
Deposit money.
Monitor project by viewing reports (text plus pictures)
View building portfolio and corresponding details.
Request changes and amendments to design, get cost implication where needed and make payment.

Admin User will be able to do the following
View building orders
View payment records and verify payments made via bank transfer.
Record project progress.
View and respond to other communication from project owner.
Other parts of the business requiring just display of information to website visitors will have the following.
Contact Us form
Newsletter subscription form.
About, services and other needed pages.